repro 1.x : Updated downstream example and added info for Sequential execution. (#1624)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/repro.md

```

This pipeline consists of two parallel branches (`A` and `B`), and the final

> "result" stage, where the branches merge. If you run `dvc repro` at this point,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`train` stage, where the branches merge. If you run `dvc repro` at this point,
```

> it would reproduce each branch sequentially before train. To reproduce both

Reviewer: You missed the block quotes (hidden but existent in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1624#discussion_r460272991)
```suggestion
it would reproduce each branch sequentially before `train`. To reproduce both
```
I'll just commit this.

Author: Thanks!

> it would reproduce the complete pipeline with all stages executing sequentially.

Reviewer: Let's use

"If you run `dvc repro` at this point, it would reproduce each branch sequentially before `train`."

please.

> To reproduce both branches at the same time, you could run `dvc repro A2` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reproduce both branches simultaneously , you could run `dvc repro A2` and
```

  each execution, meaning the cache cannot be trusted for such stages.

- `--downstream` - only execute the stages after the given `targets` in their
  corresponding pipelines, including the target stages themselves. This option

>   doesn't have any effect if no `targets` are provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  has no effect if no `targets` are provided.
```

- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the  Galaxy
```

Let's say we want to print the filename also in the description and so we update
the `process.py` as:

```python

> print('Number of lines in %s:'%(sys.argv[1]))

Reviewer: Still too complicated: Need to `import sys`, uses outdated `%` string formatting (f-string are the py3 standard), and it's still not well formatted (lacking proper spacing).

Author: > Need to import sys 

`sys` is already imported in the file.

>  uses outdated % string formatting 

I think most of the people still uses it as I have seen this format on various Kaggle competitions and open source projects. (although I would change it to f-string).

>  it's still not well formatted (lacking proper spacing).

I have checked this code with py-lint and its showing no errors with it. Please can you suggest a linter to check for these errors. Thanks

Reviewer: I see `sys.argv[1]` is already used indeed. And you changed to f-string, so resolving.

print(num_lines)
```

Now, using the `--downstream` option with `count` as a target stage, results in
the following output:

```dvc
$ dvc repro --downstream count
Running stage 'count' with command:
        python process.py numbers.txt > count.txt
Updating lock file 'dvc.lock'
```

> The change in the `text.txt` file is ignored as it is a dependency in the
> `filter` stage which did not get updated in the above command. This is because
> the `filter` stage happens before the `count` stage in the pipeline (shown in
> the following figure).

Reviewer: Thanks, better. But the text needs a little more improvement and can be simplified:
```suggestion
The change in `text.txt` is ignored because that file is a dependency in the
`filter` stage, which did not get updated in the above command. This is because
`filter` happens before `count` in the pipeline (shown below).
```
May need formatting.

Reviewer: > which did not get updated in the above command

Still doesn't fully explain this. Should mention --downstream somewhere, or update the paragraph before the code block where --downstream is mentioned, to explain what it does (very briefly) please.

```dvc
$ dvc dag

  +--------+
  | filter |
  +--------+
      *
      *
      *
  +-------+
  | count |
  +-------+

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

> Refer to `dvc dag` for more details on that command.
````

- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the  Galaxy
```

> Let's say we want to print the filename also in the description and so we update

Reviewer 2: ... we also want ..

Reviewer: Agree:
```suggestion
Let's say we also want to print the filename in the description, and so we update
```

the `process.py` as:

```python
print(f'Number of lines in {sys.argv[1]}:')
print(num_lines)
```

> Now, using the `--downstream` option with `dvc repro` results in the execution
> only of stages after the target (`count`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, using the `--downstream` option with `dvc repro` results in the execution
only of stages after the target (`count`):
```

> only of stages after the target (`count`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only of the target stage (`count`) and any following ones:
```

> only of the target stage (and any following ones):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only of the target stage, and following ones (none in these case):
```

> only of the target stage, and following ones (none in these case):

Reviewer 2: this ?

Reviewer: Yes, thanks. Committing:
```suggestion
only of the target stage, and following ones (none in this case):
```

> Now, using the `--downstream` option with `dvc repro`, results in the execution
> of stages after the target stage (`count` in this case) in the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, using the `--downstream` option with `dvc repro` results in the execution
only of stages after the target (`count`).
```

```dvc
$ dvc repro --downstream count
Running stage 'count' with command:
        python process.py numbers.txt > count.txt
Updating lock file 'dvc.lock'
```

The change in `text.txt` is ignored because that file is a dependency in the

> `filter` stage, which did not get updated in the above command. This is because
> `filter` happens before `count` in the pipeline (shown below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`filter` stage, which wasn't executed by the `dvc repro` above. This is because
`filter` happens before the target (`count`) in the pipeline, as shown below:
```

- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the  Galaxy
```

And add a new stage to the pipeline:

```dvc

> $ dvc run -n final -d count.txt -o alphabet.txt \

Reviewer 2: may be I'm missing something, but why do we need an additional stage?

Reviewer: Because it only had 2 stages which doesn't allow us to demo the --downstream option.

Reviewer: However this command `"cat count.txt | egrep -o '[a-zA-Z]+' > alphabet.txt"` is probably not very meaningful... 🧠

Reviewer 2: it does, right? since downstream include the target stage itself. But I see it can be not so obvious. I just have a slight concern that example got bigger and more complicated .

Reviewer: Hmmm it's true... the 3rd stage here doesn't really show much at the moment since nothing gets repro! We would need to also change numbers.txt manually or something like that to show that only the 2nd and 3rd stages get reproduced.

Reviewer: ...which makes it even longer. You call Ivan!

Reviewer: p.s. the change to both files could be a single line though, instead of the "Hitchhikers..." reference:

```console
$ echo changed | tee text.txt numbers.txt
```

Author: >  since downstream include the target stage itself.

Yes you are correct @shcheklein. I also feel now that we can omit adding a new stage and change the `process.py` and `text.txt` files and show that `dvc repro --downstream count` only updates the count stage and not the stages above it. Thanks!

>             "cat count.txt | egrep -o '[a-zA-Z]+' > alphabet.txt"

Reviewer: Let's try to change this last stage a little to something closer to real life. It needs a meaningful name and some new command. It probably shouldn't use count.txt as a dependency too because that's an untracked metric file (-M option) so how about using the numbers.txt file as dependency here? It doesn't matter that it was already used for `count`. Just process it in some other hypothetical way similar to how `count` has a hypothetical `process.py` Python script.

Reviewer: ACTUALLY, this whole new stage may not be needed at all. Please follow the discussion above with Ivan and change accordingly. See https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1624#pullrequestreview-455125609

Author: > ACTUALLY, this whole new stage may not be needed at all.

Yeah you are right. Updated the example.

Reviewer: Thanks

```

> Now, using the `--downstream` option with `count` as a target stage results in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, using the `--downstream` option with `count` as a target stage, results in
```

- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the  Galaxy
```

And update the `process.py` file to count the number of digits.

```python
import sys
num_digits = 0
with open(sys.argv[1], 'r') as f:
    for number in f:
        num_digits += len(number) - 1
print("Number of digits:",end=" ")
print(num_digits)

> ```

Reviewer: This change is way to complex, why not something simple again like in lines 227-34? Also the Python code isn't properly formatted...

Reviewer: I'm not even sure this update is needed...

Reviewer: I guess it does clarify the example. Let's keep it! But please simplify the Python change. Should be 1 line.

Reviewer: Continues in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1624#pullrequestreview-457247058 ...

```dvc
$ dvc repro --downstream count
Running stage 'count' with command:
        python process.py numbers.txt > count.txt
Updating lock file 'dvc.lock'
```

> The change in the `text.txt` file is ignored because that file is a dependency

Reviewer: Missed a change from my suggestion in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1624#discussion_r462085536
```suggestion
The change the `text.txt` is ignored because that file is a dependency
```

Updating lock file 'dvc.lock'
```

The reason being that the `text.txt` file is a dependency in the `filter` stage
of the pipeline which happens before the `count` stage (shown in the following

> figure) and hence did not get updated.

Reviewer: The reason for what? This explanation needs more detail.
"and hence did not get updated" what does this refer to? one of the stages? which one? the pipeline?
should be broken up into several sentences too.

Updating lock file 'dvc.lock'
```

The change in the `text.txt` file is ignored because that file is a dependency
in the `filter` stage, which did not get updated in the above command. This is
because `filter` happens before `count` in the pipeline (shown below) and the

> `--downstream` option only execute the stages after a given target stage

Author: Should the line be "... and using the --downstream option..." ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because `filter` happens before `count` in the pipeline (shown below) and with the
`--downstream` option, `dvc repro` only executes the stages after a the target stage.
```

Reviewer: But I think the other alternative I suggested in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1624#discussion_r462086427 is better, actually:

> or update the paragraph before the code block where --downstream is mentioned, to explain what it does (very briefly) please

Author: > But I think the other alternative I suggested in #1624 (comment) is better, actually:

Okay. Updated accordingly.

I see that you added a full stop after "the target stage", so don't we need to mention that the target stage is also included when using `--downstream` option or is it evident from the output above this para?
